Fix for next release:

  highlight other windows
  why lose state during page down?
  perl highlighter
  sh highlighter
  more syntax files

  byte to byte conversions?
  UTF-8 decoder right at input instead of in qw and utype?

  regex: character classes? a-z matches any letter?

  parse *rc file only once?

  different symbol for 'joe' directory

  can't load terminfo- should switch to termcap or provide compiled
  ANSI terminfo built in.

  Update documentation.

  Check if file is newer on save.

  gettext patch

  don't use -notite by default.

New features:
-----------------------

  move *rc files to .joe directory?

  check all instances of 'chars': use unicode to locale symbols instead.
  EBCDIC ?
    - we assume '\n' is line terminator.
    - there are many references to '\t' and ' '.
    - EBCDIC used to be fixed record length (80 columns) anyway.

Math: hex, octal more functions. (-lm?)

Perl compatible regex search.

Watch loaded file for changes

Reload modified files (or current window)

Reload file before I began changing it in another buffer

Save all modified files

Save all history buffers and keyboard macros in ~/.joe_state file?

Improvements for regular text
-----------------------------
mode where wordwrap wraps rest of paragraph?

mode where all editing wraps rest of paragraph?

Improvements for programming
----------------------------

Abbreviations

 Tab complete a word in a file, should look through file for matching
 words.

Show name of function cursor is in (parse C).  This is useful during
searches.  (Call ctags *.c *.h?)

Jump to definition (tags does this)

Show list of references

Diff mode (need vertical window)

Tie in with CVS

Refactoring

Compiling
 - save modified files before running
 - show last compile command immediately: suggest 'make'
 - do not save scratch buffer
 - show build on screen- don't wait until it's completely finished.  allow
   ^C during build.

UTF-8/Internationalization
--------------------------

- right-left mode for Hebrew/Arabic?

  There is no good way to do this.  For all rtol, you could use a reversed
xterm.  For mixed, you need tags to indicate direction.


- Gettext?

Syntax Highlighting:
--------------------

UTF-8 syntax files?

UI for changing colors in the editor (or at least dark/light mode)

More colors: UI for using 256 color xterms.



Support for more languages:

 Paragraph reformat mode for TeX files.

 ^G Matching for verilog begin ... end, html tags, etc.

 Reformat paragraph should reformat C function if we're editing C.


File loading/storing:

 Lock files being edited?
  one person gets write lock

 Save all modified

 Should have switch buffers in current window as more fundamental joe key
 sequence.

 Unnamed buffers should be in bufed list (was fixed in the lost joe 2.9)

 Don't understand:  optionally break hardlinks on save?  what is "tla"?

 Use memory mapped files to fast load large files.  Have to not
 count no. lines in each buffer on startup.


Jmacs/Jstar/Jpico:

 search and replace 'fred' to 'foo':
    find 'Fred', gets 'Foo'.

 Jmacs: incremental search should wrap

 Emulate other editors?  Brief, EDT?

 Rectangle mode for emacs yank system

 Overtype mode works for yank

 Query save loop? for kill-emacs and compile

 Emacs reload from file function? ^X ^V 
 (it just works out if ^X ^V kills all instances of the buffer)

 ESC args should work differently in emacs

 nextword,nextword,prevword sequence 
 doesn't work for marking next successive word at ends of lines
 (swap word is broken)

 exiting options and i-search with ESC is not pretty
 (it isn't in emacs either)

Shell windows:

 Better environment settings for shell windows.


Documentation:

 Update man page.

 Include documentation for joe hackers.  I wrote a lot of this
 some time, I need to find it.


Prompts:

 Sort should be column wise, not row wise.

 Size of file selection window should be an option

 HTML-style thing for option selection?


Terminal handling:

 Emit ESC c to reset terminal on startup?

 Look into clearing right-most column.

 joe should open tty earlier in startup sequence because ^Y
 is suspend character on sun.


Math mode:

 Expand math mode (hex, octal, math functions...)


Macros:

 Interactive macros during file load are broken.  Think about multiple
 stack hack (otherwise template based C++ callbacks).


Mouse:

 ` and autoindent mode are a problem for drag and drop.
 any way we can distinguish normal typing from a drop?
 modify xterm...


Major new modes:

 Hex edit mode

 Fixed record length mode


Major code improvements:

 Vertical windows (optionally lock-stepped).


Major new features:

 Folding


Options

 Fix it so all options appear in ^T.  Maybe make hook function
 to handle major changes.  Need this for major mode change for
 hex edit mode.

Other requests:

 -cleanup (delete extra lines and extra spaces at ends of lines).

 -show no. utf characters, not no. bytes
